you know, it is very common for an individual to start down one path and
maybe fail or voluntarily step out of it. And so it depends on on
the career that they're looking into it. If you're trying to get into
buds, for instance, many times they ask for an alternate rate that
you may want to go into in case, um, that does not work for you. But
I found that even in my own career, starting off of the radium in
which converted to an I. T. I, I transferred over to legal men when
my interest changed, and now I'm a chaplain. So I think there's many
different pathways. One end of one pathway does not mean failure.
It just means that opportunity for a new pathway.